Small changes to the SQL check operator concept guide (#1393)
astronomer/docs: learn/airflow-sql-data-quality.md

The following SQL Check operators are recommended for implementing data quality checks:

- **[`SQLColumnCheckOperator`](https://registry.astronomer.io/providers/common-sql/modules/sqlcolumncheckoperator)**: Runs multiple predefined data quality checks on multiple columns within the same task.
- **[`SQLTableCheckOperator`](https://registry.astronomer.io/providers/common-sql/modules/sqltablecheckoperator)**: Runs multiple user-defined checks on one or more columns of a table.

> - **[`SQLCheckOperator`](https://registry.astronomer.io/providers/apache-airflow/modules/sqlcheckoperator)**: Takes any SQL query and returns a single row that is evaluated to booleans. This operator is useful for more complicated checks (e.g. spanning several tables of your database).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **[`SQLCheckOperator`](https://registry.astronomer.io/providers/apache-airflow/modules/sqlcheckoperator)**: Takes any SQL query and returns a single row that is evaluated to booleans. This operator is useful for more complicated checks that could span several tables of your database.
```

## Example SQLTableCheckOperator

The `SQLTableCheckOperator` provides a way to check the validity of user defined SQL statements which can involve one or more columns of a table. There is no limit to the amount of columns these statements can involve or to their complexity. The statements are provided to the operator as a dictionary with the `checks` parameter.

The `SQLTableCheckOperator` is useful for:

- Checks that include aggregate values using the whole table (e.g. comparing the average of one column to the average of another using the SQL `AVG()` function).
- Row count checks.

> - Checking if a date is between certain bounds (e.g. using `MY_DATE_COL BETWEEN '2019-01-01' AND '2019-12-31'` to make sure only dates in the year 2019 occur).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Checking if a date is between certain bounds (for example, using `MY_DATE_COL BETWEEN '2019-01-01' AND '2019-12-31'` to make sure only dates in the year 2019 exist).
```
